Don't move. I got it.
You're staying with us
until you're 100 percent.
We'll make you better.
oba-chan. Right. mommy?
Of course. Yeah.
Fumi. we're here for you.
Thank you. Amy.
I wish the cameras had been on.
You don't remember anything else?
- I told the police everything.
- Try remembering more. mom.
You stopped by the house and
you turned off the security system?
- Sorry. what time was that exactly?
- It's all a blur.
You were looking for a
photo of dad and then what?
You saw a very white
man and a small latino?
Stop. please.
I don't want to think about it anymore.
You know. I need an orange
soda from the vending machine.
No sweat. I'll get it right now.
Can I press the buttons?
Of course you can. Come on. Let's go.
So glad you're okay. fumi.
I'm sorry to trouble you with all of this.
No.
I know you have a lot on your plate.
Not at all.
Mom?
Can I get candy?
Sorry. sweetie. It too late.
Junie. tell daddy to get me candy
and I'll share with you.
Mom?
What a joy it is to be in
the lord's presence today.
Let's raise it up to our lord and savior.
Okay. here we go. "My
weapon is a melody..."
Hallelujah!
Whoo!
Here we go. god!
Yes. Jesus!
I thought he was under house arrest.
He got a religious exemption.
Thank god. He's been such a dick.
Hey. I told you guys not to do it.
I called it off.
- Yeah. we fucked up for sure.
- You pitched it so good.
- What did you want us to do?
- See this shit?
This shit's real money. Shit
you can buy fucking shit with.
You see this? You can't. It's vase money.
All right. I let that plant
lady get the best of me.
Okay. psychologically.
but it's all over now.
It's fucked up.
I'm using my connects
to get you free materials.
I set up all this church shit
while you fucking idiots
are playing ocean's 9-11.
- Hey. that's a joke.
- I got it.
- Fucking laugh when something's funny.
- Okay.
I'm gonna keep all this
fucking money to myself.
We'll split the next one. Cool?
- My parents' land. man...
- All right. We're all set?
Yeah.
Yo. look at all this eye candy.
No parole officer. all this storage.
I should just move in here.
Take out that wall. Open this up.
More curves to humanize the space.
Humanize the space. mommy.
Don't say that. junie. Okay?
She's been like this all morning.
I think the doctor prescribed her
too strong of a painkiller.
I feel nothing.
I feel like how this house must feel.
Fumi. why don't we save all
your great renovation ideas
for your next home?
Please. like I have the money for that.
But I get it.
Why make changes if
you may not stay together?
- What?
- If you're gonna split up.
- it's not worth the headache.
- Fumi. please?
Mom. where is this coming from?
Must be the pills.
My tongue is loose.
George. I'm gonna help
your mom get settled in.
You wanna go to the store
and grab her favorite snacks?
Yeah. Great idea.
I'm gonna go past kōyōhaus. Do
you need me to bring anything home?
If it's not too much of a hassle.
Mia's there. so she can give
you the paperwork I need.
- I'm on it. No worries.
- Thanks. babe.
Yeah. yeah.
Yeah. No. for real. But.
like. I had no friends.
So I played with bugs
outside. I played with insects.
and I'd bring these crickets
inside to play with my g.I. Joes.
and they all hung out in this fort
from this show called bravestarr.
which you don't know about but...
I don't know what crickets ate. I
gave them cookies and they all died.
- My god.
- Yeah.
Why didn't you just ask
your parents for a dog?
Korean kids. you couldn't ask
for that kind of stuff back then.
Like that happened after 1990.
This guy knows. Look at him.
Okay. I had a chihuahua named Bella.
She was very cute. Very cute.
Hey. but you know what Danny did?
One day. he found a injured crow
and he nursed it back to health
by feeding it my dead crickets.
- Yeah. he did that.
- What? I had never heard this.
Yeah. I was super young.
I saw that crow like for
years after that. It was weird.
So kind.
Danny was always so good
with animals growing up.
Should we start cleaning up?
I gotta get ready for practice.
Practice for what?
We have our church basketball
tournament coming up.
Yeah. Edwin's team wins every year.
Yo. ball is life. man. Let us play.
- Danny. he's real good.
- It's all good.
- Deadline's passed.
- Deadline?
Yeah. I'm so sorry. the sign ups
ended a couple of weeks ago.
Put me in. coach. I get
messy in the paint like Picasso.
- Yeah. Edwin. Come on.
- Yeah. come on. Edwin.
You know what? I'll check
in with the other teams.
- It's not up to me. unfortunately.
- It's not up to him.
I got you. bro. I'll check
with the other teams.
Yo. you see how I do?
You see how fucking I do?
You see Esther basically
eye-fuck me in front of everyone?
You see me fuck Edwin?
We're still on church property. dude.
Sorry. Jesus.
Yo. yo. hold up.
Take this.
That's your cash for
setting up all this church shit.
Hey. don't tell Bobby or Michael.
Thanks. man.
I know it's not enough for your
parents. but I gotta get mine too.
Yeah. of course. right.
Look. I know you wanna
be in the driver's seat.
but you gotta trust me and just
let me drive for a little bit. okay?
Okay.
Once me and Esther start dating.
I'll set you up with one
of her friends. All right?
I got you. bro.
- I'm always thinking about you.
- Cool. man. Yo...
Thanks. Isaac.
Hershey's kisses?
Hey. fumi. Your bed is ready.
Hi. honey. How's the store?
Good. I just ran into Naomi.
How's she doing?
I guess she's starting
some neighborhood watch?
Wow. she's so thoughtful.
Yeah. she wanted to talk
to mom about the robbery.
She's gonna swing by.
Right now?
Yeah. she just left kōyōhaus.
It'll be good to catch up with her.
Is everything okay with the deal?
I think so. Why?
She seemed worried.
Is there anything I can do to
help? Should I sell the tamago?
I'll do it. Whatever you need.
My god. No. babe.
Don't worry about it. I'll sort it out.
Okay. I'll be home soon. Love you.
Love you.
- What's going on with the deal?
- Nothing.
Fumi. I think it's time
for another percodan.
Already? Are you sure?
Yeah.
You have to go?
We're not gonna talk anymore. are we?
I think my mom suspects something.
Well. it's...
It's been a really nice couple weeks.
Yeah. It has.
Okay. Take care of yourself.
And if you know of any galleries hiring...
No. never mind.
It's up to 86.
the home team trying
to hang on to this lead.
so they are really applying pressure.
Rebound. Anderson.
and it's good... Buckets.
My...
- damn it.
- Our home team was out ahead.
- And he gets the entry pass.
- Buckets.
- Davis off the front of the iron.
- Hey.
Just out of the timeout...
Hey!
- Through this. dribble. hop...
- Okay. okay.
- Finger roll.
- Damn!
Get that.
This is called the opulent squirrel.
- Gotta slide in...
- What?
Gotta spin. left-handed. in.
- Fuck you.
- Whoo!
Why is that called the opulent squirrel?
- Fuck!
- Yeah! Let's go!
This is called the break-in.
Hey. hey. get out of here!
Hey. get out of here.
Who am I? I'm Paul.
What the fuck is that?
So I got h-o-r-s. you got
h-o-r-s. What are you gonna do?
This is called the blue collar.
- Two shovels?
- Yeah. Just two.
Okay. One. two...
- Fuck!
- You missed! You missed!
- That was so easy!
- Get out of here!
Fuck!
I'm broke. man.
Like. can't-do-nothing broke.
How much you need?
I don't wanna borrow money.
I want a regular paycheck.
You got any construction
work I could do?
Yeah. I mean. there's
work. but. you know...
Truth is. company's
under Isaac's name now.
Means you gotta smooth
things over with him.
Yo. that girl got me fucked up. man.
Got me thinking it's all easy.
Yeah. man. I mean she's white. right?
You know. the thing I realized about life
is that it's about compromise. you know?
Like. I thought I was Webber.
but I might be stojaković. right?
Like. Isaac got the connects.
he knows what he's doing.
Might take a minute for
mom and dad to get back.
but. you know. he's
bringing in real money.
You know what I realized?
I'm realizing. like.
money is really important.
You know what. why don't you come
down to church. talk to Isaac. man?
Play ball with us in the
tournament. We need you.
Yeah. you do.
Wanna talk about something?
No. I'm good.
We don't have to talk about Kayla.
But when a door closes.
just lock that shit. you know?
Then she's outside.
You walk upstairs. open a window.
watch her wander the streets.
Easy.
I mean. yeah. like. it's fine
because I broke up with her. So...
I'm the trash man.
That's right. That's what we do.
Cho bros.
- Naomi. Hi! Cute outfit. girl.
- Hi!
Aw. you're so sweet.
I'm still not over your hair.
It's fun. right?
So much fun. Hey. where's fumi?
I think she's at the patio.
No.
God. poor thing.
She must be so tired after
everything she's been through.
Right. She's been through a lot.
Naomi. we should probably
reschedule. Right? I mean...
What's going on. Amy?
Are you okay?
What do you mean?
Come on. girl. you can tell me.
I'm your friend.
You know. we are two Asian
sisters supporting one another.
Naomi. I love that about us.
So?
So... what?
Okay.
Okay. Amy.
Well. two cars got in a crazy
road rage incident on our streets.
one of them was a white SUV.
- You drive a white SUV.
- A lot of people drive a white SUV.
Yeah. I know. but that heckler in Vegas
said some very. very specific things...
that was a random drunken tourist.
Remember. even Jordan agreed...
- let's say I agreed.
- Good. We'll agree to agree.
A neighbor caught this
on their security camera.
Amy. the chosen ones.
incorporated is owned by Isaac Cho.
He's the cousin of Daniel Cho.
the man with whom
you got into a road rage.
the man with whom...
You're having an affair.
I spoke to Mia. and she said that you
and George are having some issues.
I know a handyman
urinated in your bathroom.
Daniel Cho's a handyman
you broke up with.
- your jilted ex-lover...
- This isn't funny.
My god. Naomi.
Okay.
Thank you.
I really needed that...
That is quite the story.
These are all facts.
Those were all separate
events that have occurred.
I just hadn't quite pieced
them together like that
because. well. I would
love to have the time
to get as creative as you seem to be.
but shit. Naomi...
I'm always busy working.
I'm gonna find the other driver.
and I'll confirm you were driving
because I do have all
the time in the world.
time to meet up with Jordan.
time to tell her everything.
and I doubt she'll want to acquire
a business with so much liability.
Thanks for the heads up.
You go keep yourself busy.
Fuck.
Paul.
Isaac. I think Paul has
something to say to you.
I guess. what I'm trying to say is...
With whatever happened.
I'm down to move forward.
He's talking about Vegas. Right. Paul?
He has some more shit
he has to say. Right. Paul?
I guess.
What the fuck?
What are you doing?
All right. fine. I'm sorry.
Okay?
I'm really sorry. I fucked up.
All right. See? That's all you had to
say. Come on. bring it in. Bring it in.
Cho family got the crown jewels.
- Mongol in our blood.
- Okay. we're good.
Family business. back on. All right.
Paul. go introduce yourself
to Bobby and Michael outside.
- All right. man.
- Hey. Let me show you something.
The ones on this side are
regular melodic rice cookers.
They play "ode to joy."
You paying attention?
- Yeah.
- It's important.
This side. they play Kelly
Clarkson's "since u been gone."
You know Kelly Clarkson?
These ones have all my cash.
I'm gonna wall off this
area so no one sees it.
How much cash is that?
A lot. I got a lawyer. she thinks
she can keep me out of jail.
Word?
Yeah. Since Paul stole the truck.
that's gonna soften crossing state lines.
Casino footage has
security fucking you up first.
then my guy at the construction site.
he's gonna say the whole
thing was a miscommunication.
Like fucking Houdini. man.
Yeah. Italians. Peninsula mentality.
Is he Italian? I don't think he is.
He is to me.
Okay. Isaac. why are
you showing me this?
Why? You're my fucking family. dude.
- Don't tell Bobby or Michael. I trust you.
- Okay.
- I trust you.
- I got you.
- Say. "Kelly Clarkson."
- Kelly Clarkson.
- Look at that. He fits right in.
- Yeah. I guess so.
Look. after the lawyer does
her thing. let's just go full hog.
Expand. Construction. Import-export.
Bobby'll take the West Side.
the ginger will take the east.
- You get orange county.
- Word.
And your brother. maybe he gets oxnard.
- This is basketball camp.
- All right.
- Shit. Okay. Check.
- I appreciate that.
Thank you for meeting me.
So. what? Waving the white flag?
Look. you fucking idiot.
your stupid robbery stunt
has us both in deep shit. okay?
What...? I don't know
what you're talking about.
Tell your friend. or your
employee. or whoever the fuck.
to maybe not wear a company
t-shirt when committing a crime.
"The chosen ones"? That's the
dumbest name I've ever heard!
It's not... what the fuck is
a kōyōhaus? "Kōyōhaus!"
The guy whose lawn we
destroyed is out for blood.
He has footage of both of our
cars and wants to press charges.
You don't understand.
These people have nothing better to do.
I'll text you this neighborhood
tip line. and you're gonna call it.
I need you to take the fall and say that
someone else was driving a white SUV.
Why the fuck would I do that?
Because I'm gonna pay
you a lot of money. dipshit.
Okay.
Yeah. I'll do that. $100.000.
My god. I was gonna offer you 10.
Ten dollars?
You are so stupid! What? $10k!
I'll do it for $50.000.
Twenty-five. final offer.
Okay. but only if you apologize
for honking at me. You started this.
- Me?
- Yeah.
Okay. you backed into me like a psycho.
You flipped me off.
all 'roided out and shit.
I wouldn't push it. Daniel. Okay?
Especially with your little
construction business.
We both know you need this money.
Still stalking me?
Get off my jock.
My god.
Wait a minute. are you in love with me?
No! I'm worried about you! Okay?
I care about small businesses.
You know what? My
business is a small business.
Your business is more
of like a... micro-business.
It's not a micro-business.
It's a Magnum opus business.
Yeah. maybe it could be. With my help.
We're on the same page here.
And if we weren't. I'd
have to flip the page
to a whole other chapter that
you're not prepared to handle.
- You're not.
- Are you threatening me?
Because I could go back
and read that last chapter.
I could also read the new
one. and be aware of both.
Okay. enough. I'm not threatening you.
A threat would sound like.
"do as you're told or I will
motherfucking Bury you."
Hey! Are you guys leaving.
or are you just gonna sit there?
I'll leave when I wanna leave. bitch.
We'll keep sitting here. you shriveled nut.
- Fuck you.
- What the fuck you say?
- I dare you to say it again!
Come here!
- Say that shit again. motherfucker.
- Psychos.
You're a fucking psycho!
Fine.
$25.000.
All right.
What you got. Naomi? I'm ready.
Hey. Amy. Hi. I'm just
calling to say I'm sorry.
Obviously. I didn't know
you were covering for fumi.
Right.
Now you know.
She called because she
overheard our conversation.
She felt so bad and explained everything.
Being terrorized by that truck.
and now the robbery.
they've gotta be connected.
Yeah. you know. Naomi.
I wanted to tell you.
but I just didn't wanna embarrass
my mother-in-law like that.
I mean. you get it. We
look after our elders.
Absolutely. You did the right thing.
I'm gonna help find the other driver.
I still think it's one of the Cho cousins.
- Yeah. Well. let me know how I can help.
- You're so sweet.
And I connected George
with Jordan about the tamago.
She is so happy.
The tamago?
You didn't have to sell. but
she's over the moon about it.
Wow. yeah.
I'm really glad George reached out.
It's our pleasure.
It is so nice to clear the air like this.
Let's hang soon. yeah?
For sure. Soon.
- Okay. Bye.
- Bye. girl.
Hey.
What happened?
Someone threw up chocolate.
Apparently. some boy
down the street. Sebastian.
Really?
Yep.
Sweetie. We have a
lot of wood in the house.
When daddy feels like throwing up.
daddy throws up on the wood. Okay?
Not the rugs.
Sebastian can throw
up right on the wood.
Okay. I'll tell him that.
Hey. junie. I found a lot of
wrappers in the guest room.
Did you eat too many hershey's kisses?
It was probably Sebastian.
Okay. well...
George.
Okay.
Maybe we should go down to Sebastian's
and ask him if he ate the chocolate.
Junie.
Hey. it's okay to make a
mistake. but it's not okay to lie.
I ate some. but don't be mad.
Please stay together.
Hey! Are you worried
because of what fumi said?
I want everyone to be happy all the time.
Sweetie.
You can't be happy all
the time. and that's okay.
Yeah. Honey. even if we're not happy.
we still love each other
because we're a family.
And family is forever.
It is?
Yeah. and I'll always love mommy.
Mommy's name is Amy.
And Amy has taken care of me.
just like she's taking care of you.
all these years. and
that builds year-by-year.
and that makes us so strong.
Yeah.
And dada gives everything he can to us.
He always puts us first.
He sacrifices so much.
George.
What the fuck?
Can you see me?
What?
Are you by my house?
My god. I hate talking to you.
Look. I called to let you know
that I don't need your help. okay?
The deal's off.
What? No. a deal's a deal.
Look. someone took the fall for me
and I appreciate that
you were willing to...
- no.
- Actually. it was just good money for you.
- No.
- So you can't be pissed.
I can be whatever the fuck I want to be.
As a good faith action.
I'm letting you know that my
neighbors are actively searching for you.
and they just won't stop
until they have the bad guy.
What the fuck? You are the bad guy!
Maybe. like. paint your truck?
I already did!
Because of you!
Okay. I gotta go.
Amy!
Fuck!
You've reached the
anonymous neighborhood tip line.
Please leave a message.
I'm sorry he sold the
tamago without telling you.
It's fine. I've been meaning to sell it.
Yeah. he really didn't need to.
Let him think he saved the day. okay?
He needs it.
Okay.
You're looking much better.
My body heals quickly.
Are you sure you're done?
We can keep shopping.
Anything you want? It's on me.
You've always been so generous.
and I'm sure you'll continue to be.
Fumi. I wanted to address
the elephant in the room.
- Elephant?
- Yeah.
I don't see an elephant.
I see shapes and swirls and patterns.
Haru and I loved each other deeply.
We wanted the same things out of life.
We achieved so much together.
But financial stability
was not one of them.
There was a time when
we worried over money.
but he taught me
something very important.
The moment you begin to worry.
the moment you acknowledge the worry.
you solidify it into existence.
which is why we chose to ignore.
and ignore we did.
I'm not sure I follow.
Well. look at me now.
Buying everything I want.
Amy. all you have is perception.
There is no objective truth.
You create the truth you want to inhabit.
So. what do you want for your family?
What do you want for yourself?
Where the fuck is Isaac?
You fucking snake.
What?
What's going on?
I'm in fucking jail!
Looking at five to ten.
I don't understand. What happened?
What happened? You sold me out.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I just got the call and I came here.
Like. I'm completely in the dark.
Let's go. Danny!
There it is.
My lawyer had me in the
clear. She had it all planned out.
Did your lawyer fuck up? Do you
need me to get you a new one?
It's your fucking road rage shit!
The fucking cops think I did it.
My parole's fucked!
Fucked!
Who else would've sold me
out besides you? Who else?
Hey. first of all. that... come on. I
would never even think to do that.
That's some diabolical mastermind
shit. I can't even think that far out.
Wait. dude.
For the lord.
- Next one!
- That's all right!
Word of god!
Focus!
Get the ball!
I bet Amy saw the
license plate on the truck.
And it's under your name.
Fuck.
You didn't tell them it was me. right?
I did. I told them right away.
The cops didn't believe me.
Man. 'Cause your record?
Just say you were driving.
man. Just say you were driving.
The Filipinos turned on
me. I gotta get out of here!
Right.
Yeah. dude. Yeah. of course.
I'll vouch for you. yeah. Okay?
I'll take the fall.
Fucking fuck!
I got you. man.
Anything you need.
Dude. you're driving...
I'm just along for the ride.
He's open! He's open!
What the fuck?!